Copyright 2018 Facebook Inc.
All rights reserved.

"Software" means the fbooja software distributed by Facebook Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Additional grant of patent rights:

Facebook hereby grants you a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive, irrevocable (subject to the termination provision
below) license under any rights in any patent claims owned by
Facebook, to make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, and
otherwise transfer the Software. For avoidance of doubt, no license
is granted under Facebook's rights in any patent claims that are
infringed by (i) modifications to the Software made by you or a third
party, or (ii) the Software in combination with any software or other
technology provided by you or a third party.

The license granted hereunder will terminate, automatically and
without notice, for anyone that makes any claim (including by filing
any lawsuit, assertion, or other action) alleging (a) direct,
indirect, or contributory infringement or inducement to infringe any
patent: (i) by Facebook or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates,
whether or not such claim is related to the Software, (ii) by any
party if such claim arises in whole or in part from any software,
product or service of Facebook or any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates, whether or not such claim is related to the Software, or
(iii) by any party relating to the Software; or (b) that any right in
any patent claim of Facebook is invalid or unenforceable.
